feat(feedback): blueprint for category generation endpoint (#96560)
getsentry/sentry: src/sentry/feedback/blueprints/api.md

    }
  }
  ```

## Feedback Category Generation [/organizations/<organization_id_or_slug>/feedback-categories/]

- Parameters
  - project (optional, string)
  - statsPeriod (optional, string) - A positive integer suffixed with a unit type. Default: 7d, Members
    - s
    - m
    - h
    - d
    - w
  - start (optional, string) - ISO 8601 format (`YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssZ`)
  - end (optional, string) - ISO 8601 format. Required if `start` is set.
  - utc (optional, boolean) - Whether start/end should use the UTC timezone.

### Fetch Categories [GET]

Retrieves a list of 3-4 categories, which comprise of a primary label, along with their associated labels, which are either directly interchangeable or children of the primary label (based on the feedbacks as context for what "interchangeable" means).

**Attributes**

| Column              | Type             | Description                                                                                    |
| ------------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | categories          | optional[object] | Each primary label, its associated labels, and the number of feedbacks in each group of labels |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| categories          | optional[object] | Object with the primary labels as its keys. The values are the primary label's associated labels, and the number of feedbacks in each group of labels |
```

> | categories          | optional[object] | Each primary label, its associated labels, and the number of feedbacks in each group of labels |

Reviewer: or {primary_label}

| categories[i].associatedLabels | list[str]       | The list of associated labels for a given primary label                                |
| categories[i].feedbackCount    | int             | Number of feedbacks that have either the primary label or any of the associated labels |
| numFeedbacksContext            | int             | Number of feedbacks given as context to the LLM                                        |
| success                        | boolean         | -                                                                                      |

- Response 200
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "categories": [
      {
        "primary_label": "User Interface",
        "associated_labels": ["UI", "User Experience", "Look", "Display", "Navigation"],
        "feedback_count": 450
      },
      {
        "primary_label": "Integrations",
        "associated_labels": ["Jira", "GitHub", "Workflow", "Webhook", "GitLab"],
        "feedback_count": 300
      },
      {
        "primary_label": "Navigation",
        "associated_labels": ["Discoverability", "Sidebar", "Selection"],

>         "feedback_count": 150

Reviewer: should be camel? otherwise lgtm

Author: oh right, thanks
